NAMESPACE        NAME      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
exam-abduhalil   nginx1    1/1     Running   0          66s
exam-abduhalil   nginx2    1/1     Running   0          66s
exam-abdumalik   nginx1    1/1     Running   0          41m
exam-abdumalik   nginx2    1/1     Running   0          41m
exam-dilmurod    nginx1    1/1     Running   0          14m
exam-dilmurod    nginx2    1/1     Running   0          14m
exam-hasanboy    nginx1    1/1     Running   0          20m
exam-hasanboy    nginx2    1/1     Running   0          20m
exam-ibrohim     nginx1    1/1     Running   0          36m
exam-ibrohim     nginx2    1/1     Running   0          35m
exam-jasurbek    nginx-1   1/1     Running   0          10m
exam-jasurbek    nginx-2   1/1     Running   0          9m27s
exam-khurshid    nginx1    1/1     Running   0          6m22s
exam-khurshid    nginx2    1/1     Running   0          6m16s
exam-nurali      nginx1    1/1     Running   0          33m
exam-nurali      nginx2    1/1     Running   0          33m
exam-o-toshev    nginx1    1/1     Running   0          56m
exam-o-toshev    nginx2    1/1     Running   0          56m
exam-rakhimjon   nginx1    1/1     Running   0          37m
exam-rakhimjon   nginx2    1/1     Running   0          35m
exam-xondamir    nginx1    1/1     Running   0          49m
exam-xondamir    nginx2    1/1     Running   0          49m
exam-zoyirjon    nginx1    1/1     Running   0          45m
exam-zoyirjon    nginx2    1/1     Running   0          44m
